[word] (Requirement Sets) Splitting Word requirement set pages (#1185)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/reference/requirement-sets/word-api-1-3-requirement-set.md

---
title: Word JavaScript API requirement set 1.3
description: 'Details about the WordApi 1.3 requirement set'
ms.date: 07/17/2019
ms.prod: word
localization_priority: Normal
---

# What's new in Word JavaScript API 1.3

> WordApi added more support for content controls, custom XML, and document-level settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WordApi 1.3 added more support for content controls, custom XML, and document-level settings.
```

> ## API List

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API list
```

> The following is a complete list of APIs added as part of the WordApi 1.3 requirement set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tables lists the APIs added as part of the WordApi 1.3 requirement set.
```

> | Class | Fields | Description |

Reviewer: There's a problem with the formatting of this table that's resulting in it not rendering correctly.  

https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office/dev/add-ins/reference/requirement-sets/word-api-1-3-requirement-set?branch=AlexJ-WorReqSets

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3019529/61478888-7c053900-a947-11e9-8010-7dcfdaa6d1bf.png)
